== README

Hosted at : https://mymyntra.herokuapp.com/
Used rails 4.2.x and ruby 2.1.x(x because I forgot the exact version and upgraded my railsinstaller.)

This project was created in order to create a common platform for e-commerce website to start form.
Amateur me didn't know "Spree" back then. In case you are here while searching for some answers on
e-commerece I would recommend to look into this project https://github.com/spree/spree and 
https://github.com/Humane-Documentation/Spree (this is just documentation of spree project).

Only thing which I might have done extra is instead of using gems like "Devise" and "Cancancan"
for auth, I implemented it from scratch in this app. I just wanted to learn auth logic.
I got the understanding and code from https://www.railstutorial.org/book . It's very good book freely
available online.

If you are a newbie and don't know a thing about web dev and decided to start with rails then I would
recommmend you to go through http://guides.rubyonrails.org/getting_started.html . This will get you started.
Just follow each step with whatever you can understand.Then goto https://www.codecademy.com and take course on
ruby, rails and rails authorization. Along with this read all the docs for models,views and controllers atleast.
Then create your own blog, cms, e-commerce, etc. You will get hundred of doubts. Use stack
overflow(SO) as when required. I am quite sure, whatever your doubt is, answer is there on SO. After doing basic
read that rails tutorials book and rails guides once again. Read both of them end to end if possible. Along with 
this read some good book on Ruby if you don't know it already. If don't know programming then reading book on 
Ruby should be your first task. I knew python and js so it was quite easy on that front. 

If you are confused which project to start. You can get some idea from this list
https://github.com/ekremkaraca/awesome-rails#apps-made-with-rails .

After doing this much you can jump into any big projects and start solving issues there for starters.

Enough said. This is basically what I did. Now, I won't be working anymore on this project. I am now working on 
"Spree" project. If you want to contact me. Connect with me on AngelList or wait for some time. I am working 
on chat app with "action cable" through which you can chat with me directly. I am very interested in db too. 
So, I will posting my prototypes on rails with mongo, redis or memcache, rabbit or kafka, elastic search and
one of the graph db. I will adding my experience in respective ReadMe files.
